- Ward Choir - 
We will hold Choir Practice in the chapel every Sunday at 2:30 pm. 
 
- Ward Christmas Party -
“For unto you is born this day in the city of David a Savior. Which is Christ the Lord.” Luke 2:11

As the wisemen traveled far to see their Savior, and to bring Him gifts of gold, frankincense and myrrh, we invite you to join us in celebrating His birth at the ward Christmas party.

You will have the opportunity to consider what you would like to give to the Savior as a gift this Christmas and to wrap that gift to take home. You will also have the chance to take a picture at the manger if you choose. Costumes will be provided.

Saturday December 17th at the Stake Center
9am-10am-Breakfast and Program
10am-10:30am-Gifts to the Savior and Pictures
 
- Tithing Declaration Time - 
Brothers and Sisters, to sign up, click on the link below to see the available slots. 
Once you select your date and time, and click on the “Sign Up” button, click on the “Submit and Sign Up” button at the bottom, you will then enter in your name and email address and select the “Sign Up Now” button and you are done. 
If you have any questions, please contact Mark Stevens.
*See link at the bottom of the ward website
 
- Old Testament Tabernacle - 
Explore a life-size replica of the Tabernacle from the Old Testament now thru December 13. 
Tours are free to the public. The Tabernacle is open Mon-Sat 9am-9pm and Sundays 5pm-9pm.
Ticket information for devotionals and tabernacle tours is available at Tabernacle2022.com. 
Tours take about 45-60 minutes. To volunteer contact Mark Crump, 435-313-1655 & mcrump@infowest.com.

- First Presidency's Christmas Devotional 2022 -
We invite Church members and their families and friends to participate in the First Presidency's
annual Christmas devotional, which will be held on Sunday, December 4, 2022 at 6pm. The devotional
will be broadcast live on the Church satelite system, ChurchofJesusChrist.org, and other media.

- Blood Drive on Dec. 21st -
Located at the Center Street chapel. Sign up at www.redcrossblood.org Please donate if you are able.

- Multi Stake Youth Dance -
Ivins Stake is hosting a Multi-Stake New Year's Eve Dance for all youth ages 14 and up. It will be located at the Ivins Stake Center on Saturday Evening, December 31st from 9:30pm-12:00am. A total of 7 stakes are participating-it will be exciting!

- Self-Reliance Classes - 
The Church offers all of the following classes for your benefit: 
    Starting and Growing My Business, 
    Personal Finance, 
    Education for Better Work, 
    Find A Better Job, 
    and Finding Strength In The Lord. 
Interested? Contact Kimberley Verespey to get registered for a class.

- Single Adults 46+ -
Please visit the website to view the calendar at washsa.com and click on “rolling calendar”
